---
layout: sfc
title: Admin Help
permalink: admin/
---

h1. {{page.title}}

This site is built with "Jekyll":http://jekyllrb.com/, _wordpress_ for programmers.

h2. Install

Open "Terminal":http://blog.teamtreehouse.com/introduction-to-the-mac-os-x-command-line.

pre. sudo gem install jekyll jekyll-textile-converter

jekyll-textile-converter installs "RedCloth":http://redcloth.org/ for Textile support, which we use for markup.

You can skip _sudo_ by first installing Ruby via "Homebrew":http://brew.sh.

h2. Run

Find the @SFC@ directory, shared to you by "Viiksipojat":http://viiksipojat.fi, from your Dropbox.

pre. cd ~/Dropbox/SFC

Run & leave Jekyll serving your site.

pre. jekyll serve --incremental

Head your browser to "localhost:4000":http://localhost:4000.

h2. Edit

Use "Atom":http://atom.io for editing your site.

Find the file you need to edit. Edit & save. As you have @jekyll serve@ running, Jekyll generates your site automatically on save. Refresh browser.

We use "Textile":http://redcloth.org/textile markup. Within Textile, you can mix HTML as you wish.

For hardcore, you may need to splatter some "Liquid":http://github.com/Shopify/liquid/wiki/Liquid-for-Designers, Jekyll's templating language.

@_layouts/sfc.html@ holds the master template.
@_site@ holds the Jekyll-generated site; don't edit anything in there.

h2. Publish

Upload or sync the @_site@ directory into @ftp.specialfilmcompany.fi@.

Cyberduck can sync "based on timestamp":http://trac.cyberduck.ch/wiki/help/en/howto/sync, which uploads changed files only.

Or you could use the included "sync.sh":{{ site.github.url }}/sync.sh, which uses "lftp":http://lftp.yar.ru/.

h2. GitHub

You could also publish your Jekyll site on "GitHub Pages":http://pages.github.com (for free).
